What did she say?
That was that evil woman's decision.
The murderer he seeks.
I opened him.
It was all my misunderstanding.
Don't get excited.
Have something to say, what do you want to say?
I will call you 5 million right now.
10 million
Besides, I can give you my status as a woman.
I don't care.
So what do you want?
I'm here.
Like to sprout wildly
If you want my life.
Sorry.
I want too.
Mother almost killed me and still want to use money to solve it.
Your life is your life.
My life is not my life.
Hello, prosecutor's office?
I report to Vuong Chi Cuong with my real name.
Murder, buy murder
Accused of taking bribes
Tax evasion
I have government and information assurance.
why are you helping me
90s just got fired
my father
Make a small bamboo charcoal house
Used for more than ten years.
Eat all the pain
Make business big
Finally it worked.
But Vuong Chi Cuong
See our family business
Use all means
Final
My father was forced to jump off the building.
My mother.
Also out for a long time.
So you helped him?
Prove that the documents in your hand are who is pressing.
Say it.
So you're in on it too.
What do we do now?
Go to your friend's house first.